and dangerous hanging forward
book says that you can start now
begins to get serious
wins to intervene in a slip
inzaghi
excellent intervention by the defender who
crushes the opposing action in the bud
excellent transition paolo are three quarters
win the ball in midfield
the ball is easy prey for the defense
ball out of play
who knows if they will be able to become
something
a dangerous ball
will resume the game with a kick of
referral the goalkeeper tries to set the
offensive maneuver with a long kick of
postponement
a difficult but effective parade
it closed
joan defect control
percent
Moor
the intervention slipped judged
regular by the race director
cover action
not me
to the reconquered by the defense
could also stand for the video under the
crosspiece
I knew the porter had left
discovered a low corner and has
threaded with projects
does not control
he inexorably wanted the defense
opponent at the first useful opportunity but
the action of attacking the real 6
the first part of the race closes here
with the teams that earn the
locker rooms on the score of one to zero
on us we expect a second time
highly spectacular but the answer
it is in the legs especially in the head
of the players
we see what will happen now
great contrast for one hundred
seems like a good chance for a hundred
conquers the sphere in its own area
dangerous position
must pass the goalkeeper
then
then released the result a goal of
superb ruthless fracture
at the first opportunity he did not have
forgiven and put the ball at the bottom
packed
fantastic intervention inzaghi
slide
cross
an opponent
gattuso
very hard but wide left king
only between the feet of the defender
in front of him there is only one porter
ninth time on the parity result at
then dance
they cannot cover as they should
the defense recovers the ball
taking advantage of the inaccuracies of the
opponents neither team is
managed to prevail in these 90 minutes